Story By Adgemon,
{feel free to change the story and add your name}

Prequel.
The light and shadow are always together. One without the other does not exist. If you see the shadow you see the light and vice versa. 
The threads are woven. The riddles are set. The mysteries are spread. Everyone is free in the wonderlands. You have to set foot on these lands to explore them for yourself. if only one could see the light before the dawn maybe the closed eyes could be opened and guided at the light  on the horizon.
 if you wonder at who created these places or how these places were brought together.  You need to look for the memories only to connect them together. Only then you may see the truth. The present may be connected to the past or it may lead to the outcomes of the future..


Intro
For a long time I lifted my torch to catch a glimpse of hope. All I could see was darkness for the light only lasted so short.  We tread The caves, the roads, we then marched through the forest and the sea or the skies. Only to discover the days are short and eyesight is poor. Nonetheless there is hope to be told.  
 Has it ever occurred when you tried hard to find the only one path for you that you have been seeking far too long is nowhere to be in your reach. We looked hard and saw no easing road into or out. Yet we have found no single indication as to  how make us see and reach. The way into the happy ends might be closer than you think. Still we need the sharp eye.
Please dear! Give us hand and let us find us the mysteries laid out in the worlds to guide us toward the promised holy passageway. Light us the way! I know that only you can help us!

Epilogue:
Congratulations! You discovered the most important secrets of our museums. They were forgotten yet you made effort to revive the memories. 

Final message:
 We may struggle through days and nights, and maybe sometime we are overwhelmed. Impossible to overcome obstacles and destinations may be out of reach .
However, Step by step we managed to go over those barriers and see that the darkness we feared was simply facts to come into light at the next day. Finally we got through! We made it.  
You know I always was scared of the unknown but you showed us the way! The truth is closer than we think. 
You are incredible!  
Yours faithfully, 
your new friends!


Mission
 The creator is not present. We have to find them. Yet we have no power to do so. We bestow this upon you.

Phase 1 =>>>>> 
This is the modern time museum. it is all you always wanted. A good service and hi-tech facilities. I always checked this place and it's a great place to be. I think we need to open up this place soon but in order for visitors to enjoy the full extent of these museum's wonders. We may as well connect the old museum to the new one. There is only one problem. the founders left all sorts of keys puzzles and secret messages scattered around. iIf only there was someone who would take on these head-on so that we open up for real, it would be a hege help to all of us.


message 1.
I was at a loss. I only wanted to see more of those dreams. However obstacles never finish leaving me stuck... Maybe 1 and 2 will be four times more this time.

message 2.
Why did they shout at me? I only wanted to help out. I see no end to this. the red eye keeps following me. I only need to follow the Green Arrow.

message 3.
These days will finish. Maybe when we get together again. we will forget all the problems we had. it's be heaven and a new day. I JUST NEED TO LOOK FOR THE LIGHT!

message 4. 
Why do I get angry sometimes. I hope I did not let everyone down. if only I do apologise I may open the box and see that we have more that 1 way to work things out.

message 5. 
I'm so frustrated. I need to calm down and find a solution. the solution is at the hands of the wolf in the museum. I can see him even in the darkness. there is hope.

message 6.
We laughed and had fun all day. what we do may be difficult but the memories of our bonds and determination will keep us tied together for eternity.

message 7.
I see you. I needed to talk more to you but there was no time. we are all busy or it was hard to reach out. So I wrote this message. The screens are all rainbows but they have in numbers I could not figure out. Could you please turn the switch on after you solve it?

message 8.
I inherited the safe box and I will pass on to you. The keys are in sequence of Fibonacci but only in clockwise first and counterclockwise last. I guess you need to turn it three time. I hope you find the right combination.

message 9.
The doors are rusty. Please use the monkey wrench to turn around the handle of the door. It has three locks so you need to focus to align it. I put the tools in a red box in the storeroom.  Oh the hinge to the warehouse door is broken too so you may get some oil somewhere around.

message 10. 
I always loved our spiral stairs to our astronomical museum. Oh boy! people see below from the hole on top and vice versa.  I recall there were pieces of candlesticks I needed to put on some holders and there was a scale. 
We got to open it but there was no time for us to figure out how to open the staircase. I only met the founders once and they never told me.

message11.
The rainbow is just one color. As long as you have the key can break it and see the beautiful colors that made our childhood. I put the key somewhere near the balcony. I believe that area is locked though and I have no idea how to get there. Josh mentioned a passageway leaning near the broken door which can be opened with a tool and a combination.